CANCELLATIONS OR CHANGES
Back to Top
PartSelect processes your order as quickly as possible. When we receive your order, it is routed electronically to one of our warehouses. Use our self-service feature if you wish to cancel your order before it ships. Orders cancelled before any items have shipped will have all shipping costs refunded. Once your parts have been shipped, you must wait for them to arrive in order to return them for a full refund.

Your confirmation email may not arrive until after your purchase has already shipped, so please contact PartSelect immediately at if you wish to cancel or make changes to your order.

RETURNS
Back to Top
For your peace of mind, we offer a 365-day return period. Use our self-service feature to complete your return online.

Please be sure your return meets the following conditions:

Parts must be in resaleable condition to qualify:

“Resaleable” means that the part must not have incurred damage, such as signs of installation by the customer, marks, or scuffing.
Part must also be in its original packaging to be considered resaleable. Please inspect part before removing from its packaging, as this can cause return to be rejected.
Electrical parts are subject to additional scrutiny.
Rejected returns cannot be shipped back to customers.
Returning Parts to PartSelect:

Please have your model number and serial number ready when contacting our customer service to begin the return process.
After contacting us, you will receive an email with return shipping details (remember to check your junk mail).
Returns must be received within 365 days of the date the items were originally shipped.
Customers are responsible for the cost of return shipping.
If the return is a result of our error, or the part was lost in shipping, contact us within 10 business days to arrange a refund. In this case, we will refund the original cost of shipping after your return has been processed, and provide you with a pre-paid shipping label if we would like the part returned to us. Additional information such as photos of the part may be required to complete a return of this nature.
Receiving Your Refund:

Please allow 7-10 business days after your return has been successfully processed for your refund to appear.
If your refund is taking longer than expected, or you would like to check its status, please contact our customer service desk for an update on your return.
MAIL-IN REBATES
Back to Top
Some of the electronic parts we sell are eligible for a Mail-In Rebate (Core Charge). To qualify for the rebate, you must return the old part you are replacing. We offer this rebate because we will refurbish your old part or recycle it and we are passing the savings on to you. You will be charged the full price of the new part but will receive the rebate credit after the old part has been returned to us.

If a part you are purchasing qualifies for the rebate, you will notice a rebate amount at the point of purchase. After you have completed your order, we will send you email instructions on how to send back the old part so that you receive your rebate.

BILLING QUESTIONS
Back to Top
We commit to you that you will never be charged more than you agree to at the time your order is placed and we will process refunds as promptly as possible.

Foreign Transaction Fees (FTF)
Our head office is located in Canada, along with the bank we use to process credit card transactions. Although all transactions for PartSelect.com are processed in US dollars we have found that some of the US banks issuing credit cards to our customers have started charging a "Foreign Transaction Fee" or "FTF" on transactions originating in Canada.

The FTF is a fee that your bank is choosing to charge you, but we believe it is unfair. If you are charged this fee we will credit your account for the full amount of the FTF. You need only to contact our customer service team at to address this.

Currently very few of our customers are being charged this fee, and we are working with our bank to find a solution so that none of our customers will be charged an FTF by their banks.

COOKIES
Back to Top
Cookies are small bits of information that are stored by your browser either in memory or on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies are used to maintain the information in your shopping cart and nothing more. Most browsers accept cookies by default but you can usually change your browser to prevent cookies from being accepted. In order to make use of this site, you need to make sure that cookies are enabled in your browser.

SECURE SHOPPING
Back to Top
Our Safe Shopping Guarantee protects you while you shop at PartSelect so you never have to worry about credit card safety. We guarantee every transaction you make at PartSelect will be safe. This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping at PartSelect. See below for further details of this guarantee.

Why is PartSelect so safe? When you shop at PartSelect, you'll be one of thousands of customers who have safely shopped with us without credit card fraud. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the internet.

Still don't want to use your credit card on the Internet? That's okay, too. Just contact us at customerservice@partselect.com and we'll be happy to take your order via email. Please note that sending credit card details via email is not as safe as using our on-line secure ordering system.

If you're not comfortable transmitting this information online at all, simply call PartSelect's customer service staff toll-free at between 8:00 AM and 9:00 PM Eastern time, Monday to Saturday. We'll be happy to take your order over the phone. Your order can be placed most quickly if you conduct your research using the web site first, and have your part numbers ready for the Customer Service Representative.

Guarantee Details:

Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50, PartSelect will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50. PartSelect will cover this liability only if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at PartSelect while using the secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.

CVV
Back to Top
Providing your CVV ("Card Verification Value") number to an online merchant proves that you actually have the physical credit or debit card in your possession. This helps to keep you safe and reduce fraud.

CVV numbers are NOT your secret PIN (Personal Identification Number). Never enter your PIN number when asked to provide your CVV.

Turn your card over and look at the signature box. You should see either the entire 16-digit credit card number or just the last four digits followed by a special 3-digit code. This 3-digit code is your CVV.

cvv code location
ONE PRICE GUARANTEE
Back to Top
All our appliance parts come with a one price guarantee, so the price you see on the site is the price you pay for the part (plus shipping costs). If you incur any additional charges due to purchasing a part from our site, we would be happy to refund those fees.

PARTS WARRANTY
Back to Top
Unlike many of our competitors, PartSelect sells only Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) parts. This means what we sell are the parts the manufacturer recommends and not after-market parts that may or may not work properly on your appliance. All our OEM parts carry a one-year manufacturer's warranty.